alright next one is going to be
one-on-one Marquette so give that's what
we need the two chairs guys and out in
aw I'll give I'll give Coach Williams
all the crud in the way I got this from
him at a clinic geez a couple years ago
um you know he that he believes in a lot
of one-on-one
two-on-two drills and he does this with
his uh with his Marquette Golden Eagles
I guess they are now rather than
warriors all that's calling the Warriors
but what this drill does is again it's a
one-on-one defensive drill it's got a
couple tweaks so we call this one on one
half these are basically kind of like
cousins of each other as far as drills
go they're very very closely related but
they do a couple of separate things all
right so chairs managers whatever you
got handy put one here put one here and
what's nice about this drill you know
you can move it you can put it on the
wing maybe you're not doing well in wing
defense maybe you're not doing well in
baseline maybe you're not doing well in
the middle of the court whatever you
know we're basically just doing on the
side because it's easiest to show so
what's going to happen is Jews going to
Jews going to dribble around away from
the basket is what I always refer to
with the guys away from the basket he's
going to attack the rim okay let's get
into the same thing away from the basket
come around and play defense okay so I'm
going to just move these up a little bit
okay and then they're going to go wild
one this guy Sprint's on the defensive
end he shouldn't get a shot in the pain
okay there shouldn't be there should be
no shot in the paint if he's doing a
good job all right let's try this ready
go dribble round there you go go go go
go
good do it again and what we what you
can do if you have more kids well I'm
saying if you have more kids you have
more people available um you know what I
like about all these drills is sometimes
we have VR games and we only have five
or six guys at practice I can do every
one of these drills with five or six
guys you know people are often you know
if you're a youth coach or you're
something you don't have a lot of guys
or people are sick you can run all these
though the adjustment is you can put a
couple defenders over here and offensive
guy defensive guy you know you can be
curry
these drills I'm just showing the basic
premise of buying this but you can put
two you can put a chair here and a chair
here put one on offense one on defense
go two on two you can do three on three
all these things are kind of expandable
all right so go ahead go good don't
reach very good look at that vertical
jump Wow
you ant ago what was your mat what was
your mascot and a red Robbins Antigo Red
Robin sit look at vertical jump so that
was really good as far as getting a
rough sugar and an attacking okay so we
can do all those things the another one
and it's kind of long the same lines and
so grab that chair put it at the elbow
for me guys and again we call this you
know we call this one-on-one Marquette I
guess it's basically the same name but
they kind of know when I set the chairs
up here what we're doing so I have the
ball on this one
let me put my plan away here all right
and it's the same thing it's a
one-on-one drill they're going outside
the chairs away from the basket away
from the basket and I'm going to throw
the ball to them now
well usually we'll do is again if we
have a lot of kids we'll put some down
on that and some on this end and we'll
change it up a little bit this is a fun
drill there's no rules okay I know how
to bounce no rules people are diving
whatever okay so we'll do this slo-mo
okay so you guys going to go on the
outside of the chairs and then I'm going
to throw the ball to somebody and then
as soon as I throw that he's on offense
and then defense okay all right here we
go
now how often do I throw the ball like
that not very often okay you know I'm
going to throw the ball off the ceiling
I'm going to take a shot I'm going to
roll it I'm going to do all sorts of
different things to kind of make it
difficult because a good drill makes it
harder than game and and it's kind of
fun they like this drill you know this
was a new one that we kind of did this
year a little bit and they seem to
really like it all right now don't run
into each other or kill each other when
you do this because you can get a kink
in get pretty violent at times and
it could be some god I can't talk there
can be some head collisions and those
kind of things all right ready go
good good shot get a hand up on that all
right and then like I said you bury it
up go oh now if that happens not in
action I didn't actually mean for that
to happen if I make the shot I always
tell them if I make the shot it's a Miss
no matter when we're doing a drill if I
make it I banked it off so they keep
going okay if the ball bounces out of
bounds we're going to keep going doesn't
matter alright ready go see if I missed
that one there we go and then they're
going to go alive one on one okay last
one here okay now be careful ready go
there we go there's that vertical good
so again it's just you know making it
fun you know we usually have some
contest will you know have guys go
against each other you know we've done
tournaments with that you know I can
give you kind of a fun drill and again
just pick the elbows because it was easy
to show and demonstrate but you know we
can do the wings you can do those other
things and it's it's pretty
straightforward alright so we call that
what we call those two drills one on one
mark at